# FuryStudio test assets

files used in unit tests and in code samples.

- `1bpp.lbm`			An lbm file which claims to have 1-bit color depth.
- `ba-bm.bmp`			This image uses the OS/2v2 Bitmap Array container format.
- `badfilesize.bmp`		Header incorrectly indicates that the file is several GB in size.
- `badheadersize.bmp`	Header size is 66 bytes, which is not a valid size for any known BMP version.
- `badorder.lbm`		An lbm file with no CMAP before the BODY section.
- `badpalettesize.bmp`	Header incorrectly indicates that the palette contains an absurdly large number of colors.
- `badrle.bmp`			An invalid RLE8-compressed image that tries to cause buffer overruns.
- `badrle4.bmp`			An invalid RLE4-compressed image that tries to cause buffer overruns.
- `badrle4bis.bmp`		An invalid RLE4-compressed image that tries to cause buffer overruns.
- `badrle4ter.bmp`		An invalid RLE4-compressed image that tries to cause buffer overruns.
- `badrlebis.bmp`		An invalid RLE8-compressed image that tries to cause buffer overruns.
- `badrleter.bmp`		An invalid RLE8-compressed image that tries to cause buffer overruns.
- `badsig.lbm`			An lbm file with an incorrect IFF header magic.
- `basic.dat`			A dat file with compression.
- `bigchunk.lbm`		An lbm file with a chunk size that overflows the file size.
- `bigpal.lbm`			An lbm file with an oversized cmap section.
- `invalidbmhd`			An lbm file with an incorrect header section size.
- `mask.lbm`			An lbm file containing a mask.
- `overflow.lbm`		An lbm file with compressed data that overflows.
- `pal1bg.bmp`			1-bpp paletted image, with colors other than black and white.
- `pal4.bmp`			Paletted image with 12 palette colours, and 4-bpp.
- `pal4.lbm`			A 3rd-party generated 4-bpp lbm.
- `pal4c.lbm`			A 3rd-party generated 4-bpp compressed lbm.
- `pal4narrow.bmp`		A bitmap with a width of 117 pixels.
- `pal4narrow.lbm`		A canonical lbm with a width of 117 pixels.
- `pal4nc.bmp`			A bitmap with a sufficiently complex pattern that it cannot be efficiently lbm-compressed.
- `pal4nc.lbm`			A canoncial lbm which is too complex to efficiently compress.
- `pal4out.bmp`			A canonical 4-bpp bitmap.
- `pal4out.imm`			A canonical 4-bpp imm.
- `pal4out.lbm`			A canonical 4-bpp lbm.
- `pal4out.pam`			A canonical 4-bpp pam.
- `pal4rle.bmp`			4-bpp image that uses RLE compression.
- `pal8.bmp`			Paletted image, with 252 palette colors, and 8-bpp.
- `pal8.imm`			An 8-bpp imm.
- `pal8.lbm`			A 3rd-party generated 8-bpp imm.
- `pal8.pam`			An 8-bpp pam.
- `pal8-0.bmp`			Every field that can be set to 0 is set to 0.
- `pal8c.lbm`			A 3rd-party generated 8-bpp imm with compression.
- `pal8os2.bmp`			An OS/2 style bitmap.
- `pal8out.bmp`			A canonical 8-bpp bitmap.
- `pal8out.imm`			A canonical 8-bpp imm.
- `pal8out.lbm`			A canonical 8-bpp lbm.
- `pal8out.pam`			A canonical 8-bpp pam.
- `pal8qnt.bmp`			A canonical 8-bpp bitmap with a palette quantised to 6 bits.
- `pal8qnt.lbm`			A canonical 8-bpp lbm with a palette quantised to 6 bits.
- `pal8rle.bmp`			8-bpp image that uses RLE compression.
- `pal8topdown.bmp`		A bmp with top-down storage.
- `pal8v4.bmp`			A v4 bitmap.
- `pal8v5.bmp`			A v5 bitmap
- `palmismatch.lbm`		An lbm with a palette larger than the declared bit-depth.
- `password.zip`		A password protected zip file.
- `rletopdown.bmp`		An RLE compressed image that tries to use top-down orientation, which is not valid.
- `shortfile.bmp`		A file that has been truncated in the middle of the bitmap.
- `shortimage.bmp`		A file which is shorter than the declared image size.
- `shortinfo.bmp`		A file which is truncated in the middle of the header.
- `shortpal.bmp`		A file which is truncated in the middle of the palette.
- `sizemismatch.lbm`	An lbm file with an IFF size that differs from the actual file size.
- `test.zip`			A zip file without password protection.
- `TextFile.txt`		A plain text file.
- `tooshort.bmp`		A bitmap which is too short to contain a valid header.
- `tooshort.dat`		A dat file which is shorter than the header claims.
- `tooshort.lbm`		An lbm which is shorter than the IFF header.
- `uncompressed.dat`	A dat file without compression
- `WriteTestOutput.txt`	A plain text file.


All of these files are in the public domain.   
Many were generated by [bmpsuite](https://entropymine.com/jason/bmpsuite)

